# Event-Inventor
### Video Demo: <https://youtu.be/v9UzyLXUzXw>
### Introduction
People often organize events for large or small corporations, thus they tend to use notebooks to write details about planed activities. They write down the title of the event, the location, the date and, of course, the guest's list. As a rule, they spend a lot of time and paper on writing these things. So, here we go, after this project it will be easer to do it using an electronic device, no paper needed anymore!
#### Description
#### General Sctucture of a program
Program consists of 3 main python files which are crutual to launch the program, those are **project.py**, **loged_in.py** and **test_project.py**.
However there are additional files, that will be created automatically during the program execution such as **event_^.txt** (^ depends on how many events they are going to be), **user_data.txt** with all usernames' email, password and names, **requierements.txt** to indicate which modules should be installed before launching the software and *this txt file (**README.md**)* to give information about the project.
#### Detailed information
In **project.py** there are several function. In the **main** function user is prompted to select an option to continue (either 1, 2 or 3 for Log In, Sign up, and Exit respectively). Depending on this value program will behave differently. Suppose the User chooses **1** now he/she should input a correct data that is already stored in **user_data.txt** file, otherwise the attempt will be failed. The verification is done through the following functions *verify_user_email* and *verify_user_password*. Which are verifying by opening **user_data.txt** file, and compering each line with the promted information. If it is verified we, then, will enter into **loged_in.py** file which will be descriped below. Now let's assume that **2** was entered, in this case we are redirecting the user to sign_up page with *signup_page* function, and then he/she should create an email address (where should be included exactly one *@* sign and .com in the end), and after the user should make up a password which should be at least 8 characters in the length and have at least one digit. If the user selecets **3** as an option the program will be closed with *sys.exit* function.
Now let's talk about **logged_in.py** file. The user should have entered correct email and password to be able to be logged in. And, here, he/she is capable of selecting 3 options (1 to create an event, 2 to Show Current Events, 3 to Log Out). Let's assume that the user wants to create events first, so he/she selects **1** as an option. Now the user is asked to enter a name of the event, place, date (in the corresponding fomrat *YY-MM-DD*) and guest's list. Now a new file called **event_0.txt** should be created. With all the information inside. Now the user will move forward with **2** as an option. The program will show all names of events created so far, and then the user can select about which event he/she wants to get more information. **3** as an option will open *welcome_page* again.
#### Thankful words
I would like to express my gratitude to CS50 course creaters, especially to Mister David Malan who has conducted this course and tought millions of students like me Python in a very comprehensive way. Thank you very much for doing this great work.